auron Play defends vin and posts a
YouTube video that disrespected her
quite strongly Abi speaks
out again about her stance on
men The beef between mly Hank
and streamer Quesada continues ebai reacts to
their fight Twitch adds a feature where you
can ban someone from your
stream But it's not that he can't
comment, it's that they can't see it César
Blue opens up and tells how he
suffered bullying as a child and that's why he
wants to vent on the night of the year
in recent days we have been
commenting on the fight between chocas and
Antonio Gutiérrez that ended in a debate
now kzu has gotten into this fight he has
attacked Antonio Gutiérrez and Antonio
Gutiérrez has answered him czu reveals the
reason why he has moved away from the
Stream And the Argentine after having
done a 24 hours on kiik
two weeks ago has not appeared again in
any live living on the street he
has a new vehicle but he has new
conflicts Nicki Nicole tries to flirt
with plex Rubius has confessed to  someone
that nobody knew And it's that in 2014
they tried to hire him as an actor in a
movie Ricky Eddie messes with the
physique of some Twitter users
who would be criticizing him xqc he makes fun
of Ari Gameplays And he makes her look ridiculous
all this and much more here on your
favorite gossip channel What's up my
kids How are we doing well
welcome one more day to the Channel I am Javi
Oliveira if you didn't know me and you have entered
this video by chance I invite you to
subscribe because in this channel you are going to
find out about all the gossip on the internet
and well the truth is that today's video I
was reciting the index and it comes
hot but hot hot eh I
mean today you can't take your eyes off the video
you have to stay until the end
because the truth is it's crazy how many
things have happened and
ibay himself says it if you want to find out about the
gossip you know where to
go nothing has reached me not
even the thing about the girls reached me that there
were people who  he was saying to me per
iiv how do you ignore the subject
of girls guys if nobody
tells me I'm not this G who guesses
quinato to me if there's a problem Let me know
by WhatsApp or tell me something eh if I
have to throw myself through I have to
find out through tiktok and YouTube and
Javi oliveira.com obviously it's
harder for me to find out contact me
and if you see that I don't respond insist but it's that
no it's not that I haven't responded it's that you have
n't By the way, don't
forget that I'm giving away a video game
in each video stay tuned and stay
until the end Because at any
moment Random a code will appear that you
can redeem and Now get comfortable And
let's get down to
business A few days ago a
critic youtuber called hoochi who if I'm not
mistaken is a friend of gibel and these people
uploaded this good one uploaded a video with this
thumbnail the original video is not this one
the video didn't last barely an hour Because
auron Play has taken it down for copyright
reported I've been looking for a bit
what  that's what was in that video for
auron to be so upset that he threw it
away Because after
last year when so many things happened I haven't
seen him take down videos ever so I say it must have
been something really strong or whatever and it
turns out that what happens in that
video Is that they hit Sara villin really hard
finally without a woman to
define him until after reaching peace and
fulfillment for his project auron revealed
in an interview with risto mejide that he
was getting to know someone more like
auron everything is going well keep it up the video can't
be seen because auron threw it away
Play I don't know if ji is claiming it
or appealing to get it back
but it wasn't until 2017 that the
devil personified evil returned
vin realizing how his
years are going by and his bank account is
very low he used all his
womanizing tactics to win back auron Play
I imagine
at the moment he hasn't said anything publicly we'll
see in the next few hours but
basically he makes some accusations and
some allusions to sarabi that  they are
quite disrespectful causing
manipulation and blackmail nostalgia and the
good times she pretended to redeem herself and
came back the video cannot be seen yes there
are some reactions on YouTube and from
there I have taken some images and some
conclusions auron Play made the mistake
of agreeing to get back with her since with
that be a Push it to the what do
you guys think? I personally am
against the
copyright reporting system being used for this eh
regardless of whether the video is
very offensive insulting or whatever, that's what
justice is for, I mean you can
sue Or you can report but always
in front of the law but you don't have to
use your copyright tool to
take down videos I am legal until they piss me off I
mean if you want
complaints or lawsuits I understand maybe if it
's something super urgent for example
that they leak your credit card number
or your home address
Your mother's address a photograph of
a minor and you want to remove it as soon as
possible then no then resort to that but even if it's
because they are insulting you they are
talking badly about you in this case it's not that they
are talking badly about  he he
threw it to defend vin I imagine
that vin would explode he would say something to him and Auro would
throw it since with that Bean marked
a Push it to the limit he began to loot
everything that auron Play achieved however
women as I would say to the temat are
Tarzan eras they don't let go of a Liana Tarzan
until they have another one grabbed already ah yes it
was everything happened as it should they don't let go of
a Liana until they have another
grabbed but as I tell you even though I
surely don't agree with the
ways that jochi has had in that
video of referring to vin freedom of
expression or not it would have to be decided by
justice but the
copyright tool is for copyright at the
moment that you are using it
because they are talking badly about you You are
using it fraudulently because that is not what it
is for Shut up
cockroach video that lasted very little on the
platform because tat Chan tachan pum
there you have it auron Play he capped it he
eliminated it he annihilated it
personally also no Network or
dick that is why in the clicks that I have put you
listen to  atte in the background since it is a
reaction ok Abi has reacted to this
tweet that I am going to read to you the most attractive thing
that a man can have is being
untouchable that no woman can
start a conversation with him is pure gold not
having to worry about him answering,
flirting or reacting to others is the best thing
in the world Well a little toxic t not
things as they are don't tell me stop
being a man nothing happens if your partner
suddenly is polite and someone talks to him
on the street and he responds politely
being nice, I mean that does not
mean that he is going to sleep with her and as
Abi says this situation can also occur
I will not tire of saying
that a man who does not know how to have a
cordial friendship with a
woman is a red flag and that you as a woman
want your partner to be like in the
tweet only denotes your zero trust little
esteem internalized misogyny I would
withdraw the misogyny thing because I think it
has absolutely nothing to do with
misogyny I have lost 99% of my vision
voluntarily so I don't have to
read again  your [ __ ] takes away
the value of words because I
completely agree with everything that has been
posted in the tweet. I mean, if you don't
trust a person, don't be with them. I mean, I
'm completely calm and
sure that my partner could go to
Tanzania and do nothing, I mean, I would put my
hand in the fire. If you're not so
sure that a man like your boyfriend
would do that, I don't know, obviously you can't
be. It could be because you have low
self-esteem or it could be because you don't trust
him because the guy is a thug and you
know it. No, and you're there tying him up with
your things, no. And your moves, no, but
apart from that, a man can also be friends
or talk cordially with people of the
opposite sex and that it's not to
get involved with her, no sex. I
completely agree with Abi's tweet,
except for the misogyny thing because she
put it in with a shoehorn. No,
misogyny doesn't mean, eh, machismo. What
is patriarchy? patriarchy is an
mm or non-linear RPG, okay, it doesn't even mean
things about ideals.  misogyny is hatred of
women for the fact of being women,
surely you will remember the mly
mly fight, Hank mly is a youtuber streamer
but above all he is dedicated to the image, he
has a production company that records video clips
apart from having worked for example
with Kiko Rivera Well right now he works
for plex he has been recording and
documenting these videos that you are
seeing from plex that I repeat are the
best it is the best content about the
baldness that they are giving he takes photographs
also video click and so on he got into a fight with
Quesada he gets along very badly with Quesada they
are both youtubers who comment on
rooster battles and these things
that I do not understand
much about and they had a bifeo apart from having a
bifeo they also fought and had a
debate where it could not be here where it has to be
and knowing me I am
egocentric come on now who now do you
want us to Let's play like this we play like this without
knowing me I am egocentric it is a
rap phrase Without knowing me I am
egocentric queada Can you tell me this
this phrase What rap song does it
belong to right now I could not tell you
but surely to the demo of by  the
face what a bunch of Panda is
another is another you can play the
song for us you can play the song You
are seeing the t that I have taken out
that using the word to insult I would
never do that in my
life because apparently the bifeo continues I
tell you what happened Quesada
publishes this tweet and says yesterday he was
exhausted to turn on Stream today
I'll tell you if you behave well 100 fa and I turn on
mly takes a screenshot when Quesada
has 32 likes to make fun of him hahaha
Quesada How sad asking for F to
turn on live and nobody gives it to him yes he will
connect to one even if he doesn't arrive
sad and put on t basically making fun
of the interactions no I get more likes me
laughing at you than you asking for likes
surely if you have seen the
plex video Well there is a cameo of mly like at the
end of the video in which he does like one
of these rhymes that I don't understand
because many times they are rhymes that do
n't make any sense or
sound good but that's what it's about
these things about the fatas de gallo are going to
call me kill in the comments box I
know and I assume I'm going to kill them but I
think that sometimes they don't even
fit like suddenly a word they
change the last letter to make it rhyme
by balls anyway It seems that IV has
reacted to the plex video and when he
got to this part he made fun
of mowly a little also mentioning
Quesada this is
historic this guy is historic damn the
mole Ha like almonds also with nuts
dude It's me literally 100% it's very
cool doing it very well It's like
Quesada's raps I'm not with a
microphone Can you hear me eh or not Or you better
be yoco or no
Oh don't tell me anything I'll give you
cola Ha Look my name is Juan mata
Ah you call me tata or my name is
tata martino or you say marti I
participate in playoffs Luca Don Luca Don
no barras is a poet he is a
poet that zada has published this tweet
I imagine that To laugh at mly around
here you have the  delox pure fax freckles no no no no no
grandy never Better said and
the move It's that mly has answered
Quesada How hard for once he talks
about you it's something of mine you live off my
works they keep making fun of me
[Music]
I imagine that it will have to wait for you to
upload it to YouTube or whatever to be
able to see it or make another account but
well for now Look,
Twitch streamers can now prohibit banned people from
seeing their live stream if they already don't
see me on the street today, forget it because I'm wearing
camouflage until now those banned
from a channel could not interact or
use the chat but they could see the Stream from
now on the owner of a channel can prohibit the
most toxic from viewing the content and
this seems very good to me because
there are some that are completely
bad and there are some haters that are
really sick stalkers, I mean they
hate you and they are hanging on your words, what you
say but the thing is that they do not
miss absolutely a live stream, I
have some that I don't know, I mean you
already know them as stalkers, I mean look  you out
of thousands of people who see you know
three or four of them are bullies, I
mean you see them in the chat, in any
live stream, you see them in any comment,
in any at the time you sit down to
see if with this they promote that they
go see those they
really like Cesar Blue has gotten an
interview in which he opens up to the Channel and
admits that he has suffered bullying since he was
little and that's why he wants to vent and
participate in the evening and the thing was
curious because as soon as the girl started
to tell me what it was about I told her
look if it has anything to do with hitting
someone boxing all this don't forget it
because I have a problem with the issue
of violence and such And it's that no don't
bother explaining it to me because no I'm not
going to go The fact is that as a child I have
suffered bullying in all its
forms this was daily beatings
insults threats laughing at someone in
the class in this case from the school itself
Well I was the target of everything of everything
bad what does that turn you into in the
long run well it turns you into someone who
runs away from violence  of any
kind I wouldn't hit someone even
as a joke and since the next day or
two days later ibai spoke to me directly on
Instagram, well, eh what's up Look,
eh They haven't told me to come to the
party, eh And they told me because I
told the girl Tell ibai that it's not that I
support her whatever she wants
but that this is specifically
so, ibai contacted me and
asked me and I told him the same thing and I said
look it's something that makes me
super nervous I have a bad time and he told me
directly Well if you're going to have a bad time
then nothing happens well in this talking
to two good friends one of them
has one of them has social networks his
name is dalmau Juanjo dalmau Well the
two of them told me something without being in
contact a with b that made me change my
mind a little bit no On the one hand he
told me why am I going to say no
Even though the whole bullying issue and such
that I was only going to overcome in
training that they were going to be
there a little bit they made me see among the
things that they told me  and thinking about it
at home they made me see something
that is the truth that if I say
no to something again for this reason I will never
turn that page and I will
always feel like all those people who
only wanted to make me feel
less, to make me feel bad, to make me feel
worthless, eh, all this through
violence was a little bit for my mind like
saying wow they're going to win again they're going to make me
feel like I have some kind of
limitation to do something that I'm
weak that I'm worse And then I said Look, I
think it's time to take
advantage of this opportunity to
turn the page to say wow Of
course, just like everyone else, I'm
worth the same and I can do
anything and I'm neither better nor worse
because we are all the same wow, what
better time to tell
people where I came from than
the people who are suffering watching
this Well, so that they feel like first they are not
alone There are a lot of people who are
behind us making an effort to
stop this scourge that I believe that we
will manage to stop sooner or later it
's a bit of my personal battle and taking
advantage  this huge microphone of
the evening to say well the motto of my
of my team of my participation which
will be stop bullying it is difficult for me to say it without
tears coming to my eyes So at the
moment I am making a great effort
But I insist this is something that the
other day was the first day that I had to
be with a sparring partner where I
really had to give it to him And even at this
moment I have not been able to uh the other day
we were commenting live and you can
see the excerpts here the discussion
that Antonio Gutiérrez had with shokas
that even ended in a debate for me
debate where shokas did not stop
disrespecting Antonio and Antonio let himself be
because he was collaborating with shokas I do not
know but it turns out that one
more joins the party and we are talking about
coku for a demon what was missing cocu
attacked Antonio on Twitter with the
following publication the desire to
get attention that this
unbearable has always appears to me on
tiktok criticizing masa criticizing
shoka criticizing doni how unbearable
Skinny nobody wants to be Power  lifer And
look like you viv Box stop breaking
balls not your fried games tweet to
which Antonio has not wanted to miss
the opportunity to respond
forcefully be careful fool the desire
to attract attention that this guy has
is unbearable he always appears on
tiktok so then you like my
content if not I would not recommend
tiktok nothing of mine criticizing Maza
criticizing chocas criticizing doni
how unbearable Skinny nobody wants to be a
powerlifter or And look like you stop
breaking balls I am not a powerlifter nor do I
want anyone to look like me but what I
do wish in this world above
all else is that I hope that nobody looks like me
really that I wish because you have
a history you have a machine eh let's applaud you You are the king of [ __ ] on the internet you are to give your opinion on people when you are a person with the numbers that you have chocas I have been in the world of strength for 10 years I have seen
everything and what I think is reality
everyone who has touched a weight
knows that  20 kg per side in PR bench
you training for 6 7 8 9 months as he
says you crash Although your intention is not to
improve strength your own body is going to
ask for more load and you are going to By the way
cocu in an interview has revealed the
reason why he is away
from the Stream And it seems that
after a 24 hour live a
24 hour special that he did on kik kzu he has not
appeared again in any live
or in any video or anything it seems that he
has stepped aside that something has happened to him what a
shame What a shame and he has explained what is
wrong with him czu has made an excuse that I do
n't know if it works for me I don't know what
you all think but he says that it's that he does
n't appear that he feels pressured
because people expect a lot from him and he
is not capable of giving that something I don't
understand the truth calm down I didn't
understand it at first what do you think you know what you
want no no you know that no no I'm half
lost in my search seriously yes
recently I spoke then I got off because of the
pressure eh I felt a lot of pressure I
never said this Nor because he does like
whoever it is I don't turn on Stream because I'm
afraid to tell people what's
happening to me What's happening to you
and what's happening to me that I have people
expect a lot from me and I don't feel capable
of giving that much so I don't want to
fail and I'm not doing it and I'm
kicking it but it's very human yes it is human
but people don't humanize you people
think Come on and do the Stream and no I
can't or rather people expect a
lot from it and that great
quality is demanded of it and that dude you play LoL I mean you
play LoL literally it's what you do I
mean you're in a
shitty moment today I talked to my mom if I'm feeling
bad or searching Yeah but the thing is that I
did the search everything went well I
found it
Kick of a new platform Something
that I had already done at one point
Revolution yes Revolution basically
Twitch is a platform that
creators screw up And before it didn't screw up
so as a form of protest the
creators are going to other
platforms I wanted to do a show eh I
had the support of Luquita from Robert
from Goncho from many fellow streamers
that  They said you can count on us, we have to
do something historic and all that was left was to
align ourselves and take the step Aline everything
I got the place I asked one of the
guys who works with me Walter to
reserve the place to do the
Stream and damn it ok when they get
that philosophical the truth is that I don't
get it Hey today the program
is Chronicles of a coward
eh I felt like I was going to fail Look you
got scared of what could happen to you
in terms of repercussions eh I got
scared to take charge of something that at
another time I could have taken charge of
and now it overwhelms me because
something similar happened to him here that
Dallas accepted the fight and kku didn't
want to take this opportunity in one of the
last videos we were commenting
that living on the streets he has changed
vehicles And as you know they
took away his driver's license and now he
delivers food by bicycle in a
balloon something that I was glad about that he
could find something other than
a flyer Not because I'm happy About anything
bad  that happens to him if not because I'm glad he's
not on the road and
endangering the lives of
innocent people and I'm completely
serious Well it seems that now
riding his bike he's also having
[Music]
problems Hello hello
Why don't you look he's
looking over there don't you look to the right
I saw a la de laal vien playing clearly it
's my fault no it's my fault no it's
my fault no and the c passed Where is he
if he's
looking bro I was here and you
invaded the lane I have it
recorded very well come on
continue video of plex preparing for
the evening in Thailand being trained
by a Buddhist monk and by Fran de la
jungla also
this final part of that same video has gone viral in
which plex meets Nicki
Nicole and it seems that they are flirting a bit
In fact there are many people who are
claiming that Nicki Nicole would be
trying to flirt with plex I'm not looking for you
No I've never fought but like this not
even a street fight nothing yes
street fights normally one every
weekend every time I go out to
party but professionals don't  I think
nothing if you laugh to listen because it
shouldn't be easy to hit someone like that you
have to be born in the middle I don't know you're
prepared But I think that as soon as he
gives you one you're going to wait for him to give you
one no you're going to defend yourself from the
beginning of course let's see let's do an
example how you hit Let's see I want to see
what your technique is and I put myself like this he
already hit me there that's it and now you have to
do this to me Look you
told me like this I can't
get there you have to try to get there like this how I
would throw the first punch don't give it to me
in the air It's that no I can't teach you
because if not you know how I'm going to start the
fight you know ah eh if I have to choose
one what pressure anyway it's not like I don't have
much opposition left
[Music]
and we're asking Lu please I
will remember I will remember this no I don't know I don't know
what can happen I have to go for me I have to
go see you're going to come to me you're
telling me that you're going to get angry if I say that I'm
going to win the mess for me to go
see  I invite you accept my invitation
I'm going if you
lose and get ready Okay so for now
me against Mariana you feel like you're
going to win 100% seriously I mean don't
you have a bit of doubt
about you guys what do you think 100% 100%
win he wanted he wanted see you
Mariana July 13th are Niki the ball
a
heart no no no better do it yourself
because it's going to turn out
terrible no no
[Music] I
can't put what you have to put okay
write what you have to put in
Thailand in Thailand in Thailand
because yes no in Thailand What's up
Rubius has revealed something that nobody knew
And it is that apparently in 2024 they tried to
hire him as an actor in a
Slenderman movie, in addition Rubius claims that he
obviously had to reject this
proposal because he is not an actor because he was going to
be ridiculous because people were going to
laugh at
him and this sincerely I don't know how you
see it but it is one more proof that
many times people are hired for the
jobs they have and
not because  they were worth it I mean they were going to leave
out a person who has prepared
to act and to work in that
for a youtuber simply so that he would
give his name I am not El Rubius
Slenderman I know that at some point in
our lives there will be a great game a
great Slenderman movie okay before we
all die mark my words at
some point someone will get the
Slenderman IP again and be something decent
because the movie The last movie
that came out and I think it's the only one that's
official basuco hostia I've never
told you this chat I'm going to tell you okay
a pretty funny little anecdote
about how in 2014 they almost hired me as an
actor to do a
Slenderman movie and that I turned it down because I said Ugh
no how embarrassing I'm going to do it terribly and thank goodness thank goodness it
was an
Argentine director okay he sold me the
bike very well and such and it was He was very nice
but you could see that it was like he
really liked how to sell the bike
you know that you see that many times you can
have a name but also have interest
and know how to act like  going through
singers for example, not for example
Aitana It's not that she's the best actress, the
truth is but for example last night I was
watching a movie that came out on
Netflix and I liked it, you were going to be
Slenderman Maybe it was that and I
understood it wrong [ __ ] I should have
accepted it no but I mean it had nothing to
do with that official movie that
came out from Sony later like many
years later and none of that I mean it was
like a completely new project
but in the end nothing happened and I don't know
if I should tell this but let's just say that a
person very close to me, a relative,
put it in my head at that time that I
couldn't trust
Argentinians who sold you the bike very well
but later they were scammers
and I put that in my head and it
scared me of course it was like my beginnings you
know I was there with with Eh Well that
learning a little bit of everything about
life in the world you know I was young and
inexperienced here an Argentinian is true Ah
okay well Thanks for confirming chat
never again I will trust an Argentinian
pay attention because Ricky Eddie has had a  Something
went on Twitter and he's getting into an argument with
everyone
criticizing your profile and he's being
criticized for using this defense
when he's not exactly the most
handsome in the
world I can't put the images but it
turns out that someone on Twitter made
a meme that was a photo montage
that imitated a YouTube thumbnail
as if he had uploaded a video to his
YouTube channel and put half of the
thumbnail a frame of Lali in her H
faman eating a cone and then
an image that was there if I'm not
mistaken is a video of Ricky with
Auron and with Win michu in which someone
put a banana between his
legs and Ricky pretended to
eat the banana not the humiliations that
Ricky has gone to to hang out
with those people The thing is that it's a
meme that there are a lot of people who have
believed that Ricky had uploaded a video
imitating
Lolly fan of my ex obviously it
would be impossible but come on not for
nothing but because it would go against the
platform that nobody put that as a
thumbnail we're talking about  a
frame of Lali eating a
[ __ ] cone The Movida Is that
people are fighting with Ricky on
Twitter no and Ricky is answering Well
with pictures of his of his profile of the
profile picture of the people Look he is
telling me a bolico is telling
this girl okay historic penalty of the
computer scientist Unemployed yes tell me what is
the plan let's see if we are going to talk about the
physique let's all talk he or you I mean here
boy or girl no like he is saying that you do
n't know if it is a boy or a girl in the
world maybe there are a lot of crazy people out there you
are not a risk not even for my
neighbor's poodle little thing Look at the ones that seem
soft loving and peaceful are the ones with the
most traumas little man choose
a tool and get in line you're
late The truth is that they are
pathetic eh pathetic pathetic pathetic pathetic pathetic pathetic pathetic pathetic
the
attacks that Ricky is making here are pathetic what a
shame hari Gameplay wanted to
get xqi's attention and xqi
made fun of her such and  as I say it
turns out that a few days ago Harry
put this tweet on his Twitter account
a lot of fighting and all I want is
a versus to see who is the coolest in
the up down up down between x
kusi and I and it says This video in which I
imagine that x cusi is playing a
game that she also plays
are so Bad
bro
[Music]
this this [
Music]
and the reaction has been narla But in addition
to narla like talking to her with contempt
saying and this here is because good because well because she's
better than
you almost
put I don't know what you guys think but I
think that hari Gameplay basically they
just returned this What would it be It's that she's
not going to like this
rematch Spain Mexico harillo evening
four did you imagine such an
explosive fight and well family here we are going
to leave today's video but not
before sharing this clip with you
so you can see How far some of you are capable of going to
get a
[Music]
video would you do the same I read you family
Thank you so much for having made it
to the end if you have  If you've reached H at the
end, I imagine you've had
fun. So subscribe,
subscribe, like, share, and follow me
on Twitter and Instagram too.
Congratulations to whoever got the
video game here. The editor will be showing you
how to redeem it. I send you a
big kiss and see you very soon.
Bye, gorgeous, bye.
[Music]